Name: Illik
Lawful-Neutral

Warforged (Source: Eberron - Rising from the Last War)

Backstory: The warforged were built to fight in the Last War. The first warforged were mindless automatons, but House Cannith devoted vast resources to improving these steel soldiers. An unexpected breakthrough produced fully sentient soldiers, blending organic and inorganic materials. Warforged are made from wood and metal, but they can feel pain and emotion. Built as weapons, they must now find a purpose beyond the war. A warforged can be a steadfast ally, a cold-hearted killing machine, or a visionary in search of purpose and meaning.

Personalized Story: Wandering without a direction, he happened upon a traveling circus, and adopted into their dealings. 

Class: Artificer

Str: 12
Dex: 10
Con: 10 + 2
Int: 15 + 1
Wis: 14
Char: 14

Gender: (Male Presenting)
Height: 6'5"
Weight: 298 pounds
Speed: 30ft
Age: ??

Proposed subclass: Battlesmith (http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/artificer:battle-smith)
	- 3rd lvl: Gain Alchemist tools

- Integrated Protection. Your body has built-in defensive layers, which can be enhanced with armor.
- You gain a +1 bonus to Armor Class.
- You can don only armor with which you have proficiency. To don armor, you must incorporate it into your body over the course of 1 hour, during which you must remain in contact with the armor. To doff armor, you must spend 1 hour removing it. You can rest while donning or doffing armor in this way.
- While you live, your armor can't be removed from your body against your will.
- Specialized Design. You gain one skill proficiency and one tool proficiency of your choice.
- Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common and one other language of your choice.

Age: A typical warforged is between two and thirty years old. The maximum lifespan of the warforged remains a mystery; so far, warforged have shown no signs of deterioration due to age. You are immune to magical aging effects.
Sentry's Rest: When you take a long rest, you must spend at least six hours in an inactive, motionless state, rather than sleeping. In this state, you appear inert, but it doesn’t render you unconscious, and you can see and hear as normal.
Specialized Design: You gain one skill proficiency and one tool proficiency of your choice. (Smith's Tools)
Languages: You can speak, read, and write Common and one other language of your choice. (Deep Speech)